---
path: "/cli"
title: "Command Line Interface"
---

## Code blocks

```
$ monorepolint check
```

or use the shorter alias

```
$ mrl check
```

# something else important
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias

# longer list
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias

## small thing
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias


or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias

# something else important
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias

# longer list
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias

## small thing
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias


or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias
or use the shorter alias

